[DOCS] Rules search and filtering: index pattern, MITRE ATT&CK (#1843)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-monitor.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/monitor-table.png[]

On the *Rule Monitoring* tab, you can <<sort-filter-rules, sort and filter rules>> just like you can on the *Rules* tab. 

> TIP: By default, you can only sort by the *Rule* or *Enabled* column on this tab. To sort by any other column, switch on the *Technical preview* toggle above the table. This experimental table view allows advanced sorting capabilities. If you experience performance issues when working with the table, you can turn this setting off.

Author: A list connected with "or" is usually singular, but now that I look at this the whole thing might be better plural:
```suggestion
TIP: By default, you can only sort by the *Rule* and *Enabled* columns on this tab. To sort by any other column, switch on the *Technical preview* toggle above the table. This experimental table view allows advanced sorting capabilities. If you experience performance issues when working with the table, you can turn this setting off.
```
